wip on console-client bundling (#170)
mia-platform/console-sdk: .changeset/pink-bikes-worry.md

---
"@mia-platform/console-client": patch
---

> updated console-client tsconfig

Author: ```suggestion
bundling console-client as es module, updated kiota dependencies to preview,57
```

> console-client usable only with ESM, updated kiota dependencies to preview,57

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console-client usable only with ESM, updated kiota dependencies to preview.57
```

> bundling console-client as es module, updated kiota dependencies to preview,57

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
console-client usable only with ESM, updated kiota dependencies to preview,57
```
